[Walkers growling]
[Eggs crunch]
How's she doing?
Holed up
at the old church.
Won't see anybody.
Myself included.
I can't stop thinking about
how the baby might be alive
if we didn't
have to come to you.
Morgan,
even if I had been here,
it wouldn't have made
a difference.
Don't you say it.
Don't.
'Cause she's already gone there,
talking about how
the only reason she's alive
is because her baby absorbed
all the bad shit from her body.
I just want to make sure
she's okay.
You know there is nothing
that you or I could say or do
that's gonna make
any of this okay, right?
You're right.
It won't.
But as the closest thing
to a doctor that she has,
I need
to examine her.
Not letting you
come in.
She needs to see me.
She does,
or you do?
What's that
supposed to mean?
Grace lost the baby
because you couldn't do
the one thing that John wanted.
That's why
I couldn't let you stay here,
and that is why
you were not here
when she needed you.
So, tell me again how
you're here right now for Grace,
and that you're not here
right now for yourself.
[Growling continues]
♪♪
[Walker growling]
[Growling stops]
[Blood spatters]
[Metal rattles]
[Wind whistles, bird caws]
[Insects chirping]
[Rocks clatter]
[Gun cocks]
Whoa, whoa. Hey.
Easy there.
[Gun clicks]
I tried to radio,
but you didn't answer.
What are you
doing here?
I'm here to ask you
the same question.
I mean, don't -- don't you have
a hospital to build?
Sarah can manage.
She thought I might be able
to do my part
trying to figure out
what we're up against.
Does this have something to do
with what Morgan said?
You heard that?
I was
on guard duty.
Look,
the man's hurting, okay?
He didn't mean it.
Ah, Dwight, you didn't have to
follow me here to babysit me.
Hey, you and John
were there for me at the Gulch.
You're probably the only reason
I'm still breathing.
Also,
I couldn't stand the idea
of you being out here
all alone.
Morgan was right.
I did the one thing
John didn't want me to do.
He didn't want me
to come in here, but I did.
He -- He was just worried,
is all.
No.
He told me Ginny was just
working things for her own ends.
He asked me to leave with him
before we even got here.
Eh, whoa.
Don't do this to yourself.
Well, I can't help
but think...
if I had just listened
to him...
...maybe he'd still
be here.
And the people
you saved here wouldn't.I saved Ginny.
Didn't make much of a difference
in the end.
[Horse neighs]Whoa, easy.
I brought company.
Sherry?
Are you two --
No.
Uh, she was trading supplies
behind the wall,
and she asked to come
when she saw me leaving.
Why?
I'm not sure.
She hasn't said much
since we left.
Keep talking.
Don't mean to interrupt.
Horses don't take unleaded.
[Sighs]
There's nothing here.
They must've taken
all the gas
when they painted
the message.
Well,
where to next?
Not a place,
but a person.
Ginny's old lieutenant.
He's been on the run
ever since -- you know?
Figure if anyone knows
what she knew,
what we're up against,
it's him.
Do you have any idea
where to find him?
I picked up
a muffled signal out --
Did you bring
more company?
[Gunshot]Get down!
♪♪
[Gunshot, air hisses]
[Gunshot, glass shatters]Must be one of them!
I'm gonna take him out!He might
have information!
We need him alive!
[Gunshot]
♪♪
[Walker growling]
[Gunshot]
♪♪
[Gun cocks]
Screw this.
[Gunshots]
I said
we needed him alive!
June.
June!
Cover me so I can see
if you killed my lead.
We gotcha.
Be careful.
♪♪
[Gunshot]
[Gunshots]
♪♪
[Distant gunshots]
[Distant gunshot]
♪♪
[Distant gunshots]
[Glass shatters]
♪♪
[Crank whirring]
[Crank whirs]
♪♪
[Whirring continues]
[Crank whirs]
♪♪
Ah.
[Crank whirs]
♪♪
[Gun cocks]
Why are you here?
My friends --They're fending off
a buncha dead
that heard
our firefight,
so you're gonna have to answer
for yourself.
What are you
doing here?
You one of them?
One of who?
The folks
painting the slogans.
Answer me.
Looks like you're the one
with the answers...
and I think we might be
on the same team.
Well,
if that's true,
you and your pals
need to kick rocks.
I know what these people
are capable of,
and trust me,
you don't want any part of it.
How?
What do you know?
I've been around these parts
since the fire at the garage.
The trail's run cold,
but if these people catch anyone
getting too close,
they'll move up
their plan.
What plan?
Please.
Lives are at stake.
Not if
I get to the bottom of it.
Well, maybe we should be
sharing information.
We've been searching
for days.
I've been searching
a lot longer than that.
So let me help.How the hell
are you gonna help?
I didn't realize
they tagged that far south.
And you missed one.
At the orchard.
You wanna help?
You say
we're on the same side?
Prove it.
Bring me to this orchard.
Show me something
I haven't already seen.
But if you're lying,
if you're wasting my time,
it won't be mirrors and windows
I put a bullet into.
You catch my drift?
I'm not leaving
my friends behind.
Drive.
That's really
not necessary.
I want this
as bad as you do.
Just keep your eyes on the road,
sweetheart.
Don't call me that.
Well, what am I
supposed to call you?
Anything else.
You know what?
I didn't ask you to come
and gum up my investigation.
Matter of fact,
I'm burning time and resources
letting you take me
on this little trip,
so with all due respect,
sweetheart,
shut up and drive.
[Tires screech]
[Gunshot]
♪♪
[Gun cocks]
Where'd you get
that gun?
♪♪
Why should I tell you?
Because it belongs
to me.
The "JD"
on the handle?
That's me.
I'm John Dorie.
♪♪
[Sighs]
[Breathing heavily]
Hey, look.
I wanna find June
just as bad as you do,
but we keep running
these horses like this,
we're gonna kill them.
[Can clatters]
Hey, even if that thing was
full, we'd get what, huh?
Six miles
out of the MRAP?
I just want to find June
and be done with it.
Really?
Why are you
really here?
Huh?
Is it
to play detective,
or did Morgan tell you
to keep an eye on June?
Neither.
You know,
when I was out looking for you,
things got desperate.
Your trail ran cold.
I was tired,
hungry...
...and I was thinking about
ending it.
Not just the search.
Everything.
The only reason
I'm standing right here
is because of
John and June.
They changed everything.
Changed how?
I don't know.
Seeing
two people together,
two people that were separated
like us,
made it seem possible
that just maybe --
maybe we'd find
each other.
♪♪
So, you wanna tell me
why you're here?
There's no time.
Okay.
♪♪
Hah!
[Horses neigh]
♪♪
It's just...
the way
John talked about you
the few times
that he did,
I figured
you were dead.
Well, as far
as he was concerned, I was.
When did you
last see him?
Oh, I don't know.
He couldn't have been
more than 12 or so.
Should have known
you were a Dorie
with all that sharpshooting
back there.
If he was
a good shot,
it had nothing to do
with me.
Don't you have
any questions?
'Bout what?
[Scoffs]
Where he is.
What he's been up to
for the past 40 years.
I already know
the answer.
Why else would you be here
with that look on your face,
that gun on your hip,
two wedding rings?
I was a cop.
I notice things.
So was he.
He became a cop?
[Scoffs]
Thought he would've learned
better from his old man.
Oh, no, no.
No, no, no.
I lost my jacket.
We need to go back.
You can have
one of mine.
No,
we need to go back.
I ain't wasting gas
to go get some jacket
covered in muck
and guts.
It's not the jacket
that I need.
There's a letter
in the pocket.
A letter?
What's in this letter
that's so important?
I don't know.
I haven't read it.
Well, then,
it must not be that important.
You're welcome
to go get it,
but this RV's only going
one direction.
That's forward.
[Keys jingle]
[Engine sputters]
Shh!
Kill it!
[Walker growling]
Shit.
We got a stowaway.
Oh, great.
Goddammit!
Probably ran it over
during your little maneuver.
We got anything
to pull it out?
Yeah.
Fire up the engine.
Give it a little gas.
See if we can loosen her up.
Tiny bit.
Listen for my signal.
Nice and easy.
[Keys jingle]
[Engine sputters]
Whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Whoa!Softer?
Cut the engine, dammit!
Cut the engine!
[Engine stops]
[Walker growling]
[Sighs]
Anything?
That ain't just blood
under there.
Transmission fluid,
too.
Probably knicked the line
when you hit him.
Well,
can you fix it?
This thing's toast.
Thanks to you.
♪♪
[Walker growling]
[Hoofbeats]
♪♪
Dwight: Honey!
[Horse neighs]
♪♪
[Horse snorts]
You okay?
Dammit,
I told you to slow down.
Its heart's giving out.
We're gonna have to --
[Gunshot]
Let's go.
[Horse neighs]
Sherry...
Hey.
What is
going on here?
[Sighs] It's...
It's not about
these cult assholes,
just like
it wasn't about Ginny.
Then what are we doing
chasing gas, huh?
[Sighs]
Look, I'm going back home
to Virginia, okay?
I need to take out
the person that's really
to blame for all of this.
Negan?
I'm gonna find him,
and I'm gonna put a bullet
in his head.
That's why
I came with you, D.
So I could find the right way
to say goodbye.
I get it.
Lord knows I've done things
I'm not proud of, so...
You help me
find June,
I'll help you
get out of here.
You said that before.
[Sniffles]
You mean it
this time?
Yeah.
I do.
We're going
at my speed.
Not running that horse
into the ground.
Alright.
Come on.
[Smooches]
[Horse snorts]
Whoa.
♪♪
Hey. Come on.
Whoa.
♪♪
That's June's jacket.
Really?Yeah.
Hold that.
Come on.
Whoa.
♪♪
I've got all that up there
a certain way,
so don't go
messing it up.
So, this is you?
Yeah.
That's me.
And him?
Teddy Maddox.
Psycho killing,
two-bit preaching mortician
I put away for life.
Least he was
supposed to be.
What does that mean?
"The End is the Beginning".
He was spewing that same
malarkey back in the '70s.
Are you saying
the person responsible
for all of this is --
Teddy.
Should have killed him
when I had the chance.
Guess it's not
too late.
Are you sure it's him?
Few months ago,
I'm out foraging,
and I spot it --
"The End is the Beginning".
Hit me
like a punch in the gut,
seeing those words
after all this time.
I went back
to the prison,
hoping I'd find
a rotting corpse.
Instead,
his cell door was open,
and he's nowhere
to be found.
I guess
ruining my life once
wasn't enough
for that son of a bitch.
What do you mean?
[Sighs]
When I put him away,
it wasn't exactly clean.
I had to do the wrong things
for the right reason.
You framed him.
Did anyone
ever find out?
No.
People started looking at me
like I was some hero.
I couldn't sleep.
I started drinking.
I mean, my whole life
was suddenly a lie.
I was so goddamn angry
all the time.
It must've been hard
for John, too.
Which is why the best thing
for my family
was for me to get as far away
from them as possible.
So,
you abandoned them?
[Sighs]
You don't understand.
Well,
then explain it to me.
'Cause it sounds like after
40 years, you went to check
if the man that ruined
your family was alive,
but not your son.
He was better off without me.
Everyone was.
Best thing
I did for him
was not showing up
at that cabin.
The cabin.
That's where
Hill's hiding out.
Who?
[Sighs] You may not have wanted
to go there before,
but you're
going there now.
And why's that?
Because that's what's gonna
lead us to Teddy.
I'm not going
to that cabin.
This is
our best lead!
I got other leads.
Better leads.
The orchard.
Teddy's childhood home.
Hill might know something,
and he is at the cabin.
What? You don't have time
for a short detour?
It's not about that.What is it?
That cabin
is where I left my boy,
40 years ago.
I won't
go back there.
I met and lost my husband
at that cabin.
The table inside
is set up
with medical supplies
to save his life,
but I didn't get
the chance.
And despite that,
I'm willing to go back there
because finding Hill
and hearing what he knows
could save
a lot of lives.
Plus,
he's got something of mine,
and I want it back.
What's that?
John's other pistol.
[Sighs]
Well, those guns
do belong together.
[Bird caws]
[Walker growling]
[Growling stops]
[Body thuds]
That's Teddy's doing.
How do you know?
Embalming fluid.
Did the same
to his victims
back when the dead
stayed dead.
[Fluid dripping]
What does Teddy want?
What he's always wanted --
destruction.
He's been hollering
the same
"sperm to worm",
"Circle of Life" mumbo jumbo
to just about anyone
with ears to bend
since before
you were born.
Why the embalming fluid?
That's how
he keeps out the unworthy.
Preservation
prevents folks
from "moving on"
to the next world.
Oh, yes, ma'am.
He's crazy
as a cut snake.
But he could sell ice
to an Eskimo,
and you can bet
that his new followers
are armed
and highly motivated.
They're not
the only ones.
Oh,
I don't doubt it.
How's that hand?
I'm a nurse.
I can take a look.
Well, there's a little
bait shop nearby.
If it's still standing,
maybe we can stop
on the way.
Bill's?
You know it.
Did you and John get married
before or after?
After.
He used
a candy wrapper.
[Chuckles]
A candy wrapper.
It was the best he could do
at the time.
Oh, I proposed to his mama
the same way.
'Cept it was
a Juicy Fruit wrapper.
I was still
in the academy,
not a dime
to my name.
Sherry: Looks like he's been
hunting this guy named Teddy
for a lifetime.
Long before
the world fell apart.
John Dorie Sr.
[Scoffs]
I can't believe
he's John's father.
What are the odds?[Sighs]
I never thought
shooting at John and June
in an old west town
would lead me to you, but...
here we are.
She left a note.
They think Hill might be at,
uh, John's cabin.
We should go.
Hill was a ranger.
I bet he's got a truck
I could take back east.
I think John took some gas
when he ran off, you know?
There's a good chance
that'll be there, too.
Okay.
Well,
seems pretty clear
which direction
things are pointing me in.
Guess so.
Eh, place has changed
since the last time I was here.
Yeah.
That's where
the freezer used to be.
We'd sit on that bench out there
eating ice cream.
Always butterscotch
for Junior.
[Chuckles]
He has
such a sweet tooth.
Had, I mean.
I'm gonna get you something
for that hand.
John did love
his movies.
I always warned him
that, uh,
he'd wind up with square eyes
if he wasn't careful.
We watched "Bullitt" on TV
over and over and over --
Let's get you
patched up.
[Sighs]
That's my
shooting hand, too.
John ever tell you about
those guns?
Oh.
Just that they've been in
your family for generations.
Six.
The first John Dorie
brought 'em west on the trail.
JD the second gunned down
Deadeye Driscoll in Blackwater.
Hell of a shot.
Got his picture
in the paper.
[Chuckles]
John was
a good shot, too?
[Scoffs] Yeah.
He taught me.
Mm.
You ever hear
of Humbug's Gulch?
Uh-huh.
He worked there on the weekend
as a trick shot.
[Chuckles]
I'll be.
That's where
we were married.
♪♪
There was singing
and...
all our friends
were there.
♪♪
Sounds like
a nice affair.
♪♪
You know...
John wrote his initials
on the wall
in that room back there
when he was a kid.
Wonder if
they're still there.
Let's see.
♪♪
Hey!
What are you doing?!
You and Junior
shared a life together.
We may not be blood,
but you're the closest thing
to a family I got now.
[Scoffs]
So, you're just ditching me?
Like you did John?
That's not
what this is.
Oh, it is.
You think
you're protecting me,
but you're not.
You're just
punishing yourself.
It's the same reason
you never made amends
with your son!
You don't think
you deserve it.
Well, you're the one
carrying around
a letter from him
you never even opened!
So, you come at me
all you want!
♪♪
We all got ways
of protecting ourselves.
♪♪
Look...
I know you think
you're doing the "wrong thing
for the right reason,"
but we really need
to be working together.
♪♪
[Pounding on door]
Please!
[Pounding continues]
[Horse neighs]
[Strains]
[Engine sputters]
[Engine starts][Sighs]
Damn.
It actually
turned over.
Barely.
Wasn't this the same
kind of truck your grandpa had?
No, that was a '69.
You see the rounded cap?
This is older.
Oh.
Remember
we got it stuck in the mud
the summer
after senior year?[Chuckles] Yeah.
On the way
to that bonfire?
We just gave up
and drank beers in the back
'til we passed out.
[Chuckles]
Is this really
what you wanna do?
D.
Look, I mean,
eh -- eh -- eh,
let's say you get there
and you do it.
You know,
then -- then what?
You come back?
That's the plan.
So you may not.
I don't know
what's gonna happen.
You're really ready
to say goodbye?
[Clattering]
The hell was that?I don't know.
[Door creaks]
♪♪
[Twigs snap, leaves rustle]
[Gun cocks]
♪♪
[Rustling, walker growling]
[Growling stops]
[Gun cocks]
You picked the wrong cabin
to rob, old timer.
♪♪
[Gun clatters]
[Walker growling]
♪♪
[Gunshot]
This is
my son's cabin.
That makes you
a trespasser.
♪♪
John's old man,
eh?
And this is his gun.
[Gun cocks]
Now, tell me everything you know
about Theodore Maddox,
or I'll use it
to blow your head off.
Who the hell
is Theodore Maddox?
The folks
with the spray paint.
He's the one
behind it.
♪♪
[Chuckles]
Hell's it matter
to you?
That's my business.
All I know is whatever
they got planned, it's big.
How big?
I don't know.
We could never get anyone
to talk.
All we know
is they wanna kill everybody.
I'm gonna give you
five minutes
to get your shit
and get the hell out of here.
[Chuckles]
I live here now.
Previous occupant
moved out.
Permanently.
In case you hadn't heard.
Aah!
♪♪
[Gunshot]
Help me
get him inside.
Hurry.
♪♪
[Door opens]
[Door creaks]
[Insects chirping]
Oh, my God.
Thank you.
[Footsteps approach]
You really
shouldn't be out of bed.
I took a bullet
out of you.
You lost
a lot of blood.
We were meant to fix
this old girl up together,
he and I.
It was gonna be
his first car.
I didn't run from my boy
'cause I didn't care.
I did it
'cause I do.
Just like
you and Bill's.
I know.
You were right.
I was
punishing myself.
But I was also
punishing my wife,
punishing my boy.
[Sighs]
I did come back
that summer.
Stopped at Bill's
to fill up the tank,
and saw him there.
Boy looked so content eating
his butterscotch ice cream.
[Both chuckle]
He looked so happy.
John had
this light about him.
♪♪
'Course you know.
I was afraid
I'd snuff it out.
Like the Teddy case
did to me.
So, I decided
then and there
he's better off
without me.
I drove back here,
left those pistols on the porch,
and never looked back.
♪♪
Never even said goodbye.
[Sighs]
♪♪
It's not too late.
For either of us.
♪♪
[Birds chirping]
It was right...
here
when I first met him.
I was broken.
John sewed me back up
with fishing line
and butterscotch brittle...
...and light...
and love.
♪♪
[Sighs]
[Inhales deeply]
♪♪
[Paper rustles]
"June.
This the hardest decision
of my life.
One that I hope you can find
in your heart
to forgive me
for making --
leaving you behind to save
an innocent person's life.
Knowing it might mean
I never see you again.
Even so, I believe
you'll forgive me one day.
Same way I forgave..."
[Sighs]
♪♪
"Same way I forgave Dad
for leaving me.
Took me a few years
to see it from his shoes,
but I forgave him.
[Voice breaking]
He was a good man,
and in his own way,
he did what he did
because he loved me,
just like I'm doing
what I'm doing
'cause I love you.
But no matter what happens,
sure as the sun sets,
I will never..."
♪♪
"I will never stop trying
to get back to you.
Back to those early days
at the cabin."
[Laughs]
♪♪
"When a pretty lady named Laura
washed up on my shore
and my life
was forever changed.
You are the most amazing woman
I've ever known."
♪♪
"You rekindled
the light in me, June.
You brought me back
to people,
made me believe
in goodness again.
That doing good
was worth fighting for,
like how
I fought for you.
And if I die,
I die knowing
I lived a life worth living."
[Sobbing]
[Sighs]
"And a nurse named June
was the light guiding my way."
♪♪
"I love you,
Junebug.
Forever."
[Sobbing]
♪♪
[Truck hood slams]
Whoever worked on this truck
did a good job.
Probably make it as far
as Louisiana.
What is it?
I'm not ready for this
to be goodbye, D.
Okay.
W-W-What do you mean?
I mean, that man
has been chasing after Teddy
for how many years?
He missed out
on his entire life.
I can't
let that happen to me.
To us.
I have been using Negan
as an excuse
for why
we can't be together.
I know, I...
Look, I saw how, you know,
you were able to change,
and how you were able
to get back
to how you once were.
[Sighs]
And I think
that's what I'm afraid of.
That I won't be able
to do that.
Look, I've...
I've changed,
but I am not
the same person I used to be.
And you don't have to
be that, either.
Yeah. [Sniffles]
I don't even know
if I want to.
You're probably right.
We were young.
♪♪
Hey.
Hey, hey.
Why don't we just...
start over?
♪♪
I'm willing to give it a shot
if you are.
♪♪
Yeah?
Hey.
These are yours.
Thank you for letting
me and John borrow them.
You don't
have to do that.
I want to.
John would, too.
They belong
with their rightful owners.
♪♪
[Door creaks]
[Engine starts]
♪♪
[Walker growling]
[Chatter, goats bleating]
♪♪
Morgan, there's someone
I'd like you to meet.
Hey.
June:
This is John Dorie.
It's John's father.
[Chuckles]
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's alright.
A little tender.
[Chuckles]
I'm pleased to meet you,
but...how?
It's a long story.
You know,
your son was...
He saved my life
in more ways than one.
Well, his wife
just did the same for me.
Thank you for letting me
come stay a while.
Well, you're a welcome addition,
Mr. Dorie.
The man
we're looking for,
the one who sent those people
who attacked you and Grace --
John's father knows
everything about him.
We can
help each other.
It seems like
you already are.
I know I can't change
what I did before, but --
You don't
have to say that.
What you did today
is what John would have wanted.
I'd like another chance
to do the same here.
At this place.
I might've been wrong
when I said
that there wasn't anything
you could do or say
to make things better.
I'll check on her.
Please.
Dorie Sr.: Well, we better
put our heads together.
This man
you're up against --
I know him
bow to stern.
And if he's doing now
what he wanted to do before,
he's not gonna stop
'til we're all dead.
♪♪
Then let's
get to work.
♪♪